Corrected wrong info about path and path.basename (#412)
argoproj-labs/applicationset: docs/Generators-Git.md

In addition to the flattened key/value pairs from the configuration file, the following generator parameters are provided:

> - `{{ path }}`: path to the folder containing the configuration file (eg /clusters/clusterA, if the config file was /clusters/clusterA/config.json)
> - `{{ path.basename }}`: basename of path to the folder containing the configuration file (eg clusterA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{{path}}`: path to the folder containing the configuration file (e.g. /clusters/clusterA, if the config file was /clusters/clusterA/config.json)
- `{{path.basename}}`: basename of path to the folder containing the configuration file (e.g. clusterA)
```

Nitpicks for consistency with other examples/docs. 😃
